pid: Process ID.
comm: The filename of the executable, in parentheses. If the filename contains spaces, they are included here.
state: Process state
ppid: Parent process ID.
pgrp: Process group ID.
sid: Session ID.
tty_nr: Controlling terminal of the process.
tty_pgrp: ID of the foreground process group on the terminal.
flags: Kernel flags word.
minflt: Minor faults, without requiring disk IO.
cminflt: Cumulative minor faults (child processes).
majflt: Major faults, requiring disk IO.
cmajflt: Cumulative major faults (child processes).
--> utime: User mode CPU time in clock ticks.
--> stime: Kernel mode CPU time in clock ticks.
cutime: User mode CPU time (child processes) in clock ticks.
cstime: Kernel mode CPU time (child processes) in clock ticks.
priority: Priority value (higher number = lower priority).
nice: Nice value (range: -20 to 19).
num_threads: Number of threads in the process.
itrealvalue: Obsolete (always 0).
--> starttime: Time since system boot (in clock ticks) when the process started.
vsize: Virtual memory size in bytes.
--> rss: Resident Set Size (number of memory pages in RAM).
rsslim: RSS limit in bytes.
startcode: Address of the start of the executable code.
endcode: Address of the end of the executable code.
startstack: Address of the start of the stack.
kstkesp: Current value of ESP (stack pointer).
kstkeip: Current value of EIP (instruction pointer).
signal: Bitmap of pending signals (obsolete).
blocked: Bitmap of blocked signals.
sigignore: Bitmap of ignored signals.
sigcatch: Bitmap of caught signals.
wchan: Channel in which the process is waiting.
nswap: Pages swapped (not maintained, always 0).
cnswap: Cumulative nswap for child processes (not maintained, always 0).
exit_signal: Signal sent to the parent when the process terminates (thread group leaders only).
processor: CPU number last executed on.
rt_priority: Real-time scheduling priority.
policy: Scheduling policy.
delayacct_blkio_ticks: Aggregated block I/O delays in clock ticks.
guest_time: Time spent running a virtual CPU for a guest in clock ticks.
cguest_time: Guest time for child processes.
start_data: Address of the start of the data segment.
end_data: Address of the end of the data segment.
start_brk: Address of the start of the heap.
arg_start: Address of the start of the command-line arguments.
arg_end: Address of the end of the command-line arguments.
env_start: Address of the start of the environment variables.
env_end: Address of the end of the environment variables.
exit_code: The exit status of the process.

